How's it going today?
Master Wan's situation is not optimistic
Miss Jiang's head was severely injured
I'm afraid I might wake up
Wake up can wake up
Master, calm down
It's the following.
The situation at the junction of the river is rather special
What might become a vegetable?
Then you think of a way
You try it.
You are responsible
There is a way
Just say I can do anything
Okay, okay, okay.
Doctor Ding, do you know?
If he's willing to help
There may be a turnaround
Ding Wenxiu, right?
I saw him on TV.
I heard that his medical skills are first-class in the whole agricultural country
Yes, Dr. Ding lives in Jiangzhou now
It's just that he already said it
I will no longer see patients and save people in the future
It's okay, I'll find a way.
Thank you for saying it.
Okay
Bring me Dr. Ding's information immediately. Yes